Doc update for userns in 1.28 (#41908)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/pods/user-namespaces.md

Some popular filesystems that support idmap mounts in Linux 6.3 are: btrfs,
ext4, xfs, fat, tmpfs, overlayfs.

In addition, support is needed in the 
{{< glossary_tooltip text="container runtime" term_id="container-runtime" >}}
to use this feature with Kubernetes pods:

* CRI-O: version 1.25 (and later) supports user namespaces for containers.

> containerd v1.7 is not compatible with the userns support in Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}.

Reviewer: Try:
```suggestion
containerd v1.7 is not compatible with the userns support in Kubernetes v1.27 to v{{< skew latestVersion >}}.
```

as I don't think we're planning to regress that change.

Author: You are suggesting to change the text you suggested in this PR: https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/41906#discussion_r1255605990

But sure, I applied this.

> containerd v1.7 is not compatible with the userns support in Kubernetes v1.27 to v{{< skew latestVersion >}}.

Reviewer 2: ?
What does this mean?

Reviewer 2: Let me try understand the situation.
containerd 1.7 + k8s 1.25/1.26 -> worked;
containerd 1.7 + k8s 1.27 -> this doesn't work;

If my understanding is correct, how about adjust the order of the two statements?

Author: @tengqm Your understanding is correct. But can you make a specific suggestion here on github? I mean, just changing the order doesn't make much sense IMHO, as the second sentence highlights that some version *do* support it. It would be weird to say that before sayin some version does NOT support it.

I can do the change that you want, but give me github suggestion to avoid misunderstandings :)

namespaces or resources, should continue to run fine without any changes needed
if user namespaces is activated.

> ## Understanding user namespaces for pods

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Understanding user namespaces for pods {#pods-and-userns}
```

Author: Fixed, thanks
